# Code Reading
## 1) List the file(s) you examined when looking for command line switches. For each file explain why you chose to examine that file
The files we choose to look at first for ANT were build.xml, allow.java, and ArgumentProcessor.java. We looked at build.xml because this is the file that builds the entire program so we thought that we would find something related to command line switches, we looked at allow.java because this file is in src/main so we thought that it would be a good place to look for command line switches, we looked at ArgumentProcessor.java because this file is in src/main/java/org/apache/tools/ant and it has argumentProcessor in its name so we thought that it would be a good place to look for command line switches. We have also taken a look at Main.java under src\main\org\apache\tools\ant\Main.javaas it had contained the source code for -build command that would come in useful when building programs with ant. 


For Make we looked through commands.h and commands.c since the file names suggest the content should include something related to command line arguments. Main.c also seemed to be an appropriate spot to find something related to switches, since the program is cli based, it most likely has important functions inside the main file.

## 2) What are your first reactions to these files when you examine them?
Our first reactions were that most of these files were very long and very complicated so it was hard to understand exactly what was happening and what related to command line switches. After taking our time with individual files we became more comfortable with them, further understanding their source code and purpose inside the program. 

## 3) How is the code regarding command line switches organized at the method, class, and project level?
Ant uses a fairly common organization system, by having common classes located within appropriate folder categories. It is not easy to navigate throughout the project at first since there is a wide range of folders and subfolders, but thanks to well-chosen descriptions this problem does not become too time-consuming. In terms of methods, they are well structured and appropriately documented, which may come out as a surprise as most open-source projects lack this type of detail. Both make and ant make an effort to have command line switches defined inside one module, while breaking down the work to other modules containing the code of the tool.

## 4) How are invalid filenames dealt with?
In both programs, there are appropriate exception handlers that prompt adequate messages such as "No targets specified and no makefile found" in make, or "does not exist!" ant.

## 5) Describe two similarities in the code between your two chosen projects?
There are not many similarities between Make and Ant, both of them have been built differently, with the use of different programming languages. Although they follow a simliar structure when it comes to command line executions, both of the programs determine user commands inside one module and then delegate individual tasks to appropriate modules. 

## 6) Describe two differences in the code between your two chosen projects?
The main two differences between ant and make are that ant uses a build.xml file to build the program and make uses a makefile to build the program. Ant has been built with Java while Make has been made with C. Organization of code is a major difference between these two projects. Make has fewer files and subfolders, and it is easy to navigate around to find the desired file while Ant uses a complicated system that can confuse developers. 

# Video Link and Reflection

https://web.microsoftstream.com/video/87fef3ae-197d-4a0a-9e95-094dae532d02 
